Hey everybody, welcome to Liberty Station. It's good to be with you. Next to me is John Strand, who I consider to be one of the bravest men in America.
um he was there on january six. you're in the middle of it. they want to put you in prison. your friend dr. simone gold. she's got two months to a misdemeanor.
Which is unbelievable.
This travesty of...
quote unquote, justice is ridiculous.
And here you are, you're the Student Action Summit. You got a booth, frontline flash. You guys aren't stopping. That's right.
Internal to the metal, you're going for it. Exactly. 100 miles an hour, tearing straight ahead. When you stand on the truth...
You have no reason to slow down. You have no reason to flinch or hold back. You just keep going forward because you know what you stand on. That's right.
I... I...
just spend the time with you.
I know you mean every word you say and you've stood by it.
I mean, there's no hesitation.
You could have you could have taken a lesser deal you could have done whatever you're all in and that means like like with mark ibrahim that means
You're putting it all on the line and the apostle Paul said if there be no resurrection of all men most pity.
I mean, you are really contending for liberty and for justice.
And I just, I wanted people to hear that. Tell me what you've been through, what it's cost you, and what's been going on. I mean, I was just reminded of,
The words of Jesus when you said that the man who seeks to save his life will lose it, but he who loses his life will die.
For my sake, for the sake of truth.
will save his life.
Um, so yeah, the, the, the situation is, um,
It's complicated, it's
It's controversial. It's messy.
But for me, it's honestly very, very simple. What's the truth? That's actually all I care about. So you didn't go there for an insurrection? No one did.
No one that has the right intentions. There might have been some Antifa and FBI-involved things that are...
You know, who knows what they were wanting to do. But I know what I was there to do, which was actually just to do my job. My job was to provide security for a scheduled speaker who had a permit to deliver a speech.
her speech on medical freedom, which is what America's Frontline doctors based on. And that's what she did when they invited to go into the Capitol. Yeah, when the doors were opened and we got pushed inside, she made the best of a somewhat messy situation at that point.
at that point. It wasn't really that messy. It was a big crowd. But otherwise, people were pretty much like tourists, excited. And she tried to give her speech to the best of her ability. And then when police eventually came up
So we actually came up and said, we need you guys to leave now. We said, okay, cool, no problem. And we left. So that's actually what
From our viewpoint, it was very straightforward. Looking back on it now, we can see how the day wasn't as people anticipated or planned, and some of that was probably
Probably nefarious intent, not on our case, but rather... Now, John...
Contending with the federal government. They got deep pockets. They have all of our tax money.
And you've got to pay for your own defense. You have a...
You have a public defender. I do. A good one, I guess. I mean, usually public defenders are, you know.
I have an excellent attorney and I have a great team around me, but the team around me, starting with America's Frontline Doctors, what we're doing with Frontline Flash, what you guys are doing, that's predominantly
It's funded by small dollar donations. And so if people don't...
remain aware and remain committed to supporting that, then you can't drive a car without gas in it. So, okay.
With...
You know, Dr. Gold is in the boogahoo's who I'm in the boogah
But we do have a group of folks that are committed to liberty.
We call it Liberty Station. I love it. John, how can we support you? How can we help with your defense? We're helping with Mark Ibrahim. How do we help with you? I know Dr. Gold has hers all set up. How do we help you?
you.
You know, that's a great question. Do you have a GoFundMe? Take it from me. Do you have another source of, I would say, if you really want to support, you know,
This entire situation, from America's frontline doctors to freedoctorgold.org to,
What John Strand is going to be walking into with this trial and everything. You're talking about yourself on the third person. Yeah, yeah. Okay.
But I...
Support AFLDS.org. AFLDS.org. American Spuntline Doctors, please support that.
Free.org is actually a campaign to highlight political persecution, which is putting her in prison for two months. It's about to put me in front of the crosshairs of 24 years.
Four years in prison, max sentence, which I don't even know how to, I don't even know why I'm saying that. 35 buildings are burned during inauguration. That's how crazy they are.
And please do support Frontline Flash across all platforms because that's how I'm trying to get people to
our voice out to the best of my ability. And yeah, we're just going to continue to tell the truth. So next Sunday's Dr. Gold's last Sunday before she goes in for two months. Yes. Incarceration.
Yes.
And we're going to be praying for it. We're going to do a Zoom call. Yes. And we're going to pray for it every Sunday. We're
And we're going to hear how she's being treated. Yes. Do we know what facility she'll be placed in?
Um...
We do, but I don't know that I actually should publicly say that. It's in the state of Florida. Okay, good.
Thank you.
because.
You know, when Mark was placed in the D.C. jail, that place, it would make like a prison in the worst part of Mexico seem luxurious. Yeah.
Um...
So what they're doing is just so unconstitutional and unconscionable. And I just, we'll all be praying for Dr. Gold. I'm praying for you. I always do. I'm blessed by you. Likewise.
Likewise. You're one of the bravest guys I know and thankful. You
I'm so glad. My biggest frustration is that I have Governor N because you're in Florida. Yeah.
i wish you were still with us in california but i look i get it.
I just know that California is my home, always has been and always will be. I pray for the day when I can return home, but clearly right now God has put me on assignment elsewhere. And so I'm, I'm,
I'm really traveling the nation, spending a lot of time in a lot of places, which I am grateful to do. Well, you're at SAS. You've got a microphone because you're interviewing people, and I just beat you to the pun. You did. Real quick
Since we have limited time. Can you share with everybody?
um what doctor gold's doing and and how there's a paradigm shift in in medicine because we can't trust doctors and hospitals anymore because they're all complicit.
bought into big pharma.
Dr. Gold's on the cutting edge of this. You're part of that whole deal with Dr. Stillman or so many others. Yes.
what what's happening and and and what's what can you share so gets people excited because a lot of folks.
They're scared to death, though, of how the medical industry has just bowed to this tyranny. Right. Well, I think people are fearful because they've given up.
They have their own power, their own sovereignty in so many areas. That certainly happens in medicine, but it applies to almost everything in life, education.
Industry, everything.
So I would say that we need to take our power back.
And across all spectrums. And of course, with America's Frontline Doctors and Dr. Gold launching Gold Care Health and Wellness. Tell us about that. GoldCare.com.
So that's very exciting. This is phenomenal. It's how we take our power back. It's how we...
In today's terms, create parallel institutions that are based on
God's values and truths, hashtag team reality.
that's the starting point but the idea is that someone doesn't do it for you.
you do it for yourself and your family as God called you to. and the confidentiality between the doctor and the patient.
It's protected. Everything resets when you have that starting point. Yeah. So when you understand that God has...
Um,
Created every person and entrusted them to be sovereign over themselves.
That's the starting point. And he's given us a pretty vibrant immune system.
Absolutely. So again, it's...
It's not, we should not be fearful or dependent on men or corporations to keep us healthy, safe, or in other ways be able to live our life. I don't know if you saw this today, but, uh,
But Jeremy was pointing out one in five people who've been vaccinated, I hate to use the word vaccinated, have been injected with this thing recently.
have suffered severe consequences. Germany is now saying this. The news is getting out, no matter how much they try to suppress it, because the truth is never afraid of a lie, but a lie can't survive if the presence of truth. So we see unfair
unprecedented censorship in our lifetime which i never thought i'd see. right and and and now it's rising to the surface we're watching athletes drop dead five hundred percent more in europe than the year before and last year we've seen.
And last year was the most ever. And they're kind of heart attacks. And Dr. Gold was saying this early on. Judy Mike of Israel saying it early. We know this. And they were laughing at us and conspiracy. And now we're watching.
watching and people are now saying, I can't trust this because FISO Pharma has a way of messing up my DNA. I like that little jingle. Yeah, that's my jingle. America's Frontline Doctors.
Doctors and many others have been calling it out way ahead of the curve, and we continue to be proven right on actual science. So clearly, you know, their plan...
We're playing a quick trick game with words and science and everything else. If Bounty's on the second bout of COVID, it's all a game and a very...
a dangerous and deadly game. And they want to inject our kids. I don't even know how long it is. The government sovereignty ends where our skin begins. Amen.
Especially our children, that's...
That is the most sacred thing we have ever done. The Bible says we're stewards of their lives, not the government. So goldcare.com. It's very exciting. It's very important.
For a few reasons. I mean, one, as as Pastor Rob just explained, people can't trust medicine or doctors at large, so we want to create a new world.
of truth, transparency, trust.
Um, and a doctor-patient relationship that is actually your doctor's your doctor. Yeah. And when he,
When you have a question or a need,
His priority and his incentive is to actually address that need. right. no one else is otherwise blackmailing him or anything else. yeah.
And not in the pocket of some... Yeah, no, we eliminate those financial conflicts of interest. We just have a completely protected environment. Part of that is a PMA, which is a...
A, which is a private membership association. Say it again, private membership association. Yeah, private membership association. Didn't it start during prohibition? Yes. Okay, yeah.
Yeah, brilliant. They tried to say you couldn't have a drink after work, which, you know, that's crazy. We'll leave that alone. So they do that.
At home, because,
Constitutionally, we have our own home, we have our own domain. It's sacred, so that would apply to taking care of your own health as well.
So we have a legal structure that's constitutionally validated, recognized? Because they had clubs that were protected so that that could be enjoyed. But it wasn't open to the public, correct? So it separates us from that.
from that government interference and the potential for corruption. If we cut out insurance, we don't take insurance because we take care of you. That's gold care. And it's like
It gets life-changing. It's world-changing. It's certainly health-changing. It's very exciting. And with insurance, you're not subsidizing someone else's bad behavior that makes your premiums go through the roof. Exactly.
Exactly. So this is why gold care is so important.
Goldcare specifically addresses health,
Wellness that aspect
But we want people to understand that what gold carrier is doing, others need to do across other industries. Because again, if you let someone else do things for you, they hold all the time.
Hold all the cards. They call all the shots. Yep.
That's the problem.
Yeah, putting your health back into your hands. Yes. That's solid.
Well, John, thanks for sharing with everybody at Liberty Station. Thanks for all you do. And just in case you guys are wondering, this man loves the Lord with all his heart, soul, strength, and mind. He is a believer in Jesus Christ. Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Amen. He's on the front lines of all of this, and I'm so grateful for all you do. Pray for him. Support him. He gave you how to do that. Please do. Amen.
Let's keep him out of prison because he doesn't deserve to be there. But even if you do go to prison.
you you're there and you're the freest man in that prison because you're there for the right reasons you're doing what's right so bless you brother thank you so much.
Thanks everybody. You guys can keep track of me at...
Truth social.
At John Strand. There it is. Hit me up. Go.
Thank you. Thanks everybody.